Texas Hold 'em Poker Game Rules

	Texas Hold ‘em Poker is a poker variation that in this implementation can have between 2 and 6 players. Players each start with $150 of fake money to bet on the game with. The goal of the game is to be the player to either have the most money after a set number of rounds, or be the last player to have money. Money is represented in the game with different colored chips, and those chips are used to bet. 
	When a round begins one player is designated as the dealer who gives every player 2 cards, one player is designated as the small blind who has to bet $1 automatically, and the large blind who has to bet $2 automatically. These roles rotate to the left of the player circle after each hand. The small blind is the player to the left of the dealer and the large blind is the player to the left of the small blind. Note that if there are only 2 players in a game then each player bets $2 automatically. Then betting begins with the player to the left of the big blind. They can choose to bet any number of chips as long as they have that many chips, and each player gets a chance to match or raise those pre flop bets. If a player doesn’t want to play their hand or match a bet then they can choose to fold their hand and discard their two cards, this can be done at any time. Once all players that are still playing have matched the top bet 3 cards are dealt off the top of the remaining deck. Players can then choose to check (not bet) and move the choice to the next player, or bet based on the cards shown. Again players can fold if they don’t want to match a raised bet. Once all players have matched the bet then another card is taken off the top of the deck and shown. Betting/folding happens again and then the final card is played off the top of the deck. The final round of betting then begins, and if there is more than one player left in after betting has concluded then the players left in show the cards in their hand and a winner is determined. If at any time during play all players fold but one then that player wins the hand and gets to talk the money in the pot that holds all bets for the round. 
	There are a number of different card combinations that are used to determine which player won. If two or more players tie for the win then the pot is split. Otherwise the hierarchy for card combination wins is as follows for the top 7 card combinations a user may make from highest to lowest: 1. Royal flush 2. straight flush 3. four of a kind 4. full house 5. flush 6. straight 7. three of a kind 8. two pairs 9. single pair 10. highest card. For more information on the specifics of these rankings and what the terminology may be for each look up texas hold em card rankings online, or look up the name of the card combination. 

